License Agreement for Ozark Games Office Content Pack.


This agreement is a legal and binding agreement between end user or organization that has licensed/purchased this software. Please read the entire contents of this agreement before continuing with installation. By installing this product you are agreeing to the terms and conditions set forth in this end user license agreement (EULA). If you do not agree with the following conditions and stipulations, then do not continue with installation.

Ozark Games will not be responsible, in whole or part, for any loss or damage, whether direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or otherwise. Loss or damage includes, but is not limited to, hardware damage and loss of time, revenue, or income. By accepting this agreement, the end user agrees to use this product at his/her own risk.

This software and all included material is owned by Ozark Games LLC. Ozark Games retains all copyrights to the included material, and all material is proprietary and remains the intellectual property of Ozark Games. This license grants the purchaser a single use license to the included materials and software.

This end user license agreement (EULA) also grants you the following rights:

This product is licensed to a single individual, and may only be used by the individual who purchased this license. The end user may, however, install and use this product on multiple computers or workstations as long as it will only be used by the original purchaser. You may also, for backup and archival purposes, store a copy of this product on any type of backup media (e.g. network server storage, CD ROM, etc.), as long as doing so does not make the product accessible by non-licensed individuals.

This end user license agreement (EULA) restricts you from the following:

No part of this product may be redistributed in any way or uploaded to any internet site. The media included in this content pack may only be distributed as an inclusion to a product that does not directly compete with this content pack.

Ozark Games LLC
